Initial cut at modelling service entities based on SIG discussions. (#2963)
open-telemetry/semantic-conventions: docs/resource/service.md

<!--- Hugo front matter used to generate the website version of this page:
linkTitle: Service
--->

# Service semantic conventions

> Service is a logical component of an application that prodcues telemetry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service is a logical component of an application that produces telemetry
```

data (events, metrics, spans, etc.).

In modern, distributed, application architectures:

- An `service.namespace` is an entire system of components designed for
  end-users or other applications to leverage.
- A `service` is one of the logical, distinct components that make up the

>   application, typically running as a separate process or microservice.

Reviewer 2: I agree on not using the term "process" to avoid the confusion, but removing latter part makes the sentence a bit vague for me. I would replace the latter part with another phrase. Example here:

```suggestion
  application, typically running as a bundle of the instances that run the same container image for load balancing.
```

>   application, typically running as a separate process or microservice.

Author: I went with @ymotongpoo's suggestions
